{
    16:54:00 - thursday - 2022/06/23
    {
        i've gotten the files and gave a preliminary glance at problem set 5 and it looks like it will be difficult but
        also technically stimulating to work on. i look forward to being able to put more time into it, but for now
        i'm going to rest because my vision is still kinda blurry and the eye strain i'm suffering at the moment
        is fairly heavy.
    }

    10:10:00 - friday - 2022/06/24
    {
        i cleaned up the house a bit, did some dishes and whatnot to help out.
        my eyes have since re-adjusted and are no longer fuzzy (for the most part), but
        i still ended up getting a prescription for glasses owing to a slight astigmatism in my left eye.
        i haven't gotten the glasses just yet, i've been told there is a chance for a discount from a family
        member who works as an optician.
        will see.
        i'm excited to see whats what with speller. off to it.
    }

    12:04:00 - friday 2022/06/24
    {
        i believe i have all the variables i'll need in the psuedocode.txt file, i haven't gone over the videos in the speller
        page on cs50x yet but i plan to.

        i'm finding it a bit hard to concentrate. i've been in contact with my stepfather and my mother was taken to the
        hospital by ambulance the other day cause she was having trouble breathing.
        thankfully not long after she arrived the doctors discovered she had pnuemonia,
        fluid around her heart and was having issues with her kidneys.
        all these things on top of which, she's on blood thinners.
        they had to intubate her to aid in her breathing, and recently sedated her so they could safely perform a perdicardial
        effusion to remove the fluids that had built up around her heart.
        in an effort to ground him i've been talking my stepfather through it cause he's *really* worried, but it doesn't
        leave me room to worry openly. i'm told my brother remains pensive as ever, just waiting to see what will
        happen in a reserved but concerned manner, and trying not to worry himself or my stepfather more than nescessary.

        i'm worried that because she chooses to live her life the way she does (always following that dopamine rush from
        everything easy(food, nicotine, etc...) in an effort to medicate herself from the pain of the choices she's made,
        the life she's experienced and also her upbringing by someone borderline narcissistic, but definately also had BPD)
        that she will lead herself to a much earlier grave than ever nescessary.
        i can't fault her for chosing the path she has considering the life she's had, the only thing i can do is not
        end up the going down the same route as her.
        i havent seen her in years because of covid, and also owing to me setting my own personal boundaries with her
        (she has/had a habit of holding on way too tight, owing to the "unconditional love" aspect of a parent/child
        relationship and using that feeling of love to aid in her self-medication)
        i'm not arrogant enough to assume i could have "fixed" her, but maybe the knowledge could have helped in some other way.
        as it stands i've only tried enacting the change of having healthy interaction boundaries. it took her years
        to be okay with it and i'm still not sure she fully understands why i would choose to ask for space.
        i know she has a therapist, and maybe she talked with them about it all and worked it out, but i really don't know.

        all that said... as bad as she can be, i hope that she gets better... cause she is my mother and my optimistic side thinks
        that maybe she'll turn herself around and bust out of the cycle shes carved out for herself.
        only time will tell.
    }

    8:29:00 - monday - 2022/06/27
    {
        getting started a little late today. my plan is to go over the videos and all my notes and make a dent in speller.
    }

    1:12:00 - monday - 2022/06/27
    {
        i've progressed a bit today i think. i delcared all my variables and libraries needed and
        i believe i've finished the load and size function to spec, that remains to be seen though.

        i'm struggling a bit with improving the hash function. i'm going to take a break and have something to eat
        to clear my head.
    }

    16:45:00 - monday - 2022/06/27
    {
        i thought i was getting somewhere with the hash function but it appears not.
        i'm going to step away for now and come back to it in the morning with fresh eyes and a fresh mind.
    }

    08:28:00 - tuesday - 2022/06/28
    {
        just got back from taking my car in for repair. i've been fortunate enough to be able to devote my time
        fully towards programming/coding; it hasn't left me with much in the way of extra money for repairs and whatnot.
        i cashed out what little i had in my 401k from my time with wholefoods so i could continue on the path
        i've been going down without interruption. i'm hoping that it will be a worthwhile thing to have done. will see.
    }

    12:04:00 - tuesday - 2022/06/28
    {
        i finished up speller this morning. i've tried a little bit to improve my times with regards to how fast stuff is processed,
        but can't really afford to spend a lot of time on it.
        my hash function (inspired from the information given, and the video short on hash tables), is kinda garbage, but performs
        okay (with enough buckets). i hope it is acceptable.

        there were several issues that i had upon initially compiling my code but the few notable issues were as follows.
        i ran into an issue with memory scope as it pertains to the sum of the ascii values in the hash function.
        i accidentally free'd a file i meant to fclose when using fopen on the dictionary
        in the unload function i used the constant N and forgot that since index's are zero-based, that i needed to set
        the value i was measuring to N - 1 to indicate the end of the list of buckets.

        once i cleared those up and a few other little things here and there i got all smiles accross the board.

        after everything was finished i tried modifying the hash function and/or the number of buckets a bit just to see if i could
        reduce my time. unfortunately i could only reduce it so much, even with the number of buckets set to 456,976 (which is
        obscenely excessive considering there is only 143,000 some odd words in the entire large list).
        the time drop between 17,576 and 456,976 buckets is *suprisingly* small given how much of an increase in memory it is.
    }
}