{
    2022-07-06 - wednesday - 12:00:00
    {
        preliminarily played around with some ideas for cash.py that didn't seem to be working for me.
        i have noticed that i am thinking more in terms of C instead of python, i have to just keep at it to train my brain.
        i'm going to write a bit of pseudocode after i grab something to eat and see if that helps me organize my thoughts.
    }

    2022-07-06 - wednesday - 16:05:00
    {
        i ended up getting heavily distracted today. going from making dinner to a therapist appointment has left my brain kinda frazzled.
        semi-related news. i picked up a few notebooks that will be for python, sql, javascript, html and css stuff.
        the idea being i study the languages by watching videos about them, and take hand-written notes to increase
        retention, and being better able to navigate each as i'm required to.

        i also made a purchase that i hope will be as useful, juggling beanbags.
        i went with the beanbags cause i did a little research about juggling and it seems that they are quite a bit better than other
        options, especially when you're just starting out? will see.

        i made the purchase because i've read that there have been scientific studies that juggling increases white matter in the brain,
        which are what the connections are made of? i'm a tad rusty on my bio science as it's related to human bodies and brain matter haha.
        it sounded interesting, and if it helps my coding ability as i expect it would thats great
        but at the very least i'd have developed a fun new skill and that isn't bad in my eyes.

        i also have a very important personal conversation that is going to happen tomorrow that is taking up a lot of brain space
        at the moment. i hope it goes well.

        for now i'm going to clean up and clear my head.
    }

    2022-07-07 - thursday - 8:57:00
    {
        that conversation happened last night, much sooner than expected. i'm glad i was awake at the time to receive and
        respond and was heard. it was a pretty tough. i am fortunate to say that though in spite of there being a
        long road to a full recovery ahead, that i'm grateful all is well (if a bit shaky)
        and i-we will happily traverse the length of that road.
        that personal relationship means a lot to me, and i'm glad to have them in my life.
    }

    2022-07-07 - thursday - 12:23:00
    {
        just finished up writing out working code for sentimental-cash.py and am thrilled that i was able to finish it today.
        i tried looking up all sorts of help with regards to floating point imprecision, and the decimal module.
        the decimal module looked like it was a great way to handle the issues regarding floating point imprecision, but i didn't
        end up using it in my solution like i thought i would.
        i kept running into error after error trying to fit my code around the module just trying to work it all together,
        but took a bit of a pause and did a soft reset of my brain and my thought process to consider simpler options.
        i decided to just mitigate the floating point imprecision by multiplying the input number by 100 and changing the math
        that calculated the number of coins to whole numbers and that did the trick!

        i was super excited when i seen all those smiles in the terminal.

        i'm going to take a break and make dinner to relax and clear my head a bit, then come back and refactor the code as best i can.
        it doesn't look or read bad but if i can improve it before submitting it, i would prefer to do that.
        that and i have to comment out all pertinent information so myself and others are able to understand it down the road.
    }

    2022-07-07 - thursday - 15:48:00
    {
        after a bit of back and forth with cash.py i decided against a full refactor for the moment and just cleaned up
        a little of how it was put together to make it a little tighter presented but still very readable and understandable.
        i don't want to spend too much time on something if i can help it considering the amount of work still ahead of me.

        i am quite pleased with how it turned out overall.

        i'm going to get setup for sentimental-credit and probably start on it in the morning. until then.
    }
}