{
    2022-07-05 - tuesday - 17:16:00
    {
        i managed to finish both sentimental-hello and sentimental-mario-less today.
        coding in python feels like there are so many more ways to solve a given problem compared to C. it sounds kind of
        intimidating in theory, but feels really great in practice.

        E.g.
        i was working on a way to solve sentimental-mario-less given their parameters and came accross the reversed function for range(),
        which will iterate in reverse (functionally decrementing). In combination with concatenating with the print function, i managed
        to figure out a way to print out the appropriate spaces and hashes!

        This, alongside figuring out how to impliment a a functionally similar Do...While loop with a While True: loop, breaking and
        returning if it was the correct numbers or continuing if it wasn't.

        i feel quite accomplished in how i managed to stick with the problems and work them out in a combination of logical thinking,
        searching the python docs website (through google), and a double dose of effort.

        i'm going to break for the night once i upload my files to my public repo and start sentimental-mario-more in the morning.

        until then.
    }

    2022-07-06 - wednesday - 8:55:00
    {
        a little late start owing to having to handle a few things.
        excited to jump into sentimental-mario-more.
    }

    2022-07-06 - wednesday - 10:40:00
    {
        just finished sentimental-mario-more.
        i ran into issues with the print function all of a sudden not printing the hashes and code that worked yesterday not working today.
        i restarted my computer, updated everything, and rebuilt the container for the workspace and it still didn't work.
        i set about and narrowed it down to the way i was using concantenation and tried quite a few different methods to fix it,
        but in the end what it took to fix it was simply switching the variable names around... i couldn't do anything but laugh.
        i'm guessing it only worked yesterday (repeatedly, mind) out of a fluke of luck. i updated mario-less and resubmitted it
        just because, then submitted mario-more.
        if i run into something like this in the future, i'll remember this lesson for sure haha.
        off to set up for and start sentimental-cash.
    }
}